[Maryland Historical Society](http://mdhs.org/) Woman's Literary Club of Baltimore Collection, MS988, Box 3

[54]

### Board of Management. January 16th, 1894.

The Board of Management of the Woman's Literary Club of Baltimore met on Tuesday, January 16th, 1894, at the Corner of Cathedral and Franklin Streets. There were nine members present:--the President,--two Vice Presidents,--Recording Secretary,--Treasurer,--Mrs. Dammann,--Miss Grace,--Mrs. Lord and Miss Balch.

Declinations to reconsider resignations were received from seceding members. Resignations were received from Miss Ridgely, Miss Nelson, Mrs. Lake, Miss Sally Carter;--and also from Miss Perot,--Corresponding Secretary,--and Miss [Sarah H.] Bennett of the Board of Management. The question of asking those ladies to reconsider their action was discussed. It was agreed that Miss Perat and Miss Bennett might be approached on this subject. It was said that both these ladies were under some

[55]

misapprehension with regard to some late occurrences among us, and had resigned unwillingly.

The Secretary read the minutes of the Board of Management meeting of January 9th.

Mrs. Johnson suggested that when another Club or Society were to be invited to attend one of our meetings,--as in the case of the Shakespeare Club, for the literary meeting of this afternoon,--it would be well to inform the Board of Management of the proposed invitation. Miss Brent said this had not been customary in our Club, and, however desirable in some respects, it would add greatly to the labors of the Secretary.

The President then announces that Mrs. Shippen was unable to accept membership in the Board of Management; and, consequently it would be necessary to elect some one else to fill the vacant place of Miss Brown. Also, that if Miss Perot and Miss Bennett should still decline to reconsider their resignations, their places could be filled on a later occasion.

Miss Balch then consented to do temporarily any of Miss Perat's

[56]

work of correspondence, that could not otherwise be done.

Miss Brent then nominated Mrs. Early as a member of the Executive Committee, Miss Grace seconded the nomination;--and Mrs. Early was elected without opposition.

After a few informal remarks, the meeting adjourned.
<hr>