[Maryland Historical Society](http://mdhs.org/) Woman's Literary Club of Baltimore Collection, MS988, Box 3

[49]

### Board of Management Meeting. January 2nd, 1894. 

The Board of Management of the Woman's Literary Club of Baltimore met on Tuesday, January 2nd, 1894, at the corner of Cathedral and Franklin Streets. Ten members attended this meeting,--the President, Second Vice President,--two Secretaries,--Treasurer,--Mrs. Johnson,--Mrs. Lord,--Mrs. Dammann,--Miss Bennett,--and Miss Grace. The President announced that this was the regular meeting for the reception of the names of proposed new members,--other business being in order afterwards.

The name of Mrs. Remsen, 12 East Riddle Street, proposed by Mrs. Goddard, and seconded by Miss Balch, was read. The second name read was that of Miss Ellen Duvall, proposed by Miss Balch, and seconded by Miss [Mary E.] Evans. Miss [Ellen] Duvall's name, we were told, had received favorable action two years ago. Miss Kate Mason Rowland was proposed by Mrs. Dammann, and seconded by Miss Crane. These three ladies were unanimously elected.

Miss [Lizette Woodworth] Reese, an honorary member, was proposed for regular membership; and the proposal was accepted without opposition.

[50]

Mrs. Johnson spoke of the legal methods of undoing in any Club, any work or action which may have been unsatisfactory to a large number of its members. Some discussion followed on this subject.

The resignations of eight members of the Club were submitted to the Board, those of Miss King, First Vice President,--Miss Brown of the Executive Committee,--Mrs. Perry,--Dr. Mark,--Miss Hoffman,--Miss Duer,--Miss Clark,--and Dr. Sherwood. Miss Brown had also written to the President resigning the Chairmanship of the Committee on Economics.

Mrs. Johnson said that she thought it would be well to decline to accept the resignations before us. She moved that "we express our regret to the members who have resigned for their action; and that we asked them to reconsider it." Miss Crane seconded the motion, and it was adopted.[^crane] The Corresponding Secretary was instructed to write the notes in pursuance of this resolution.
[^crane]: Written above this is a tiny note reading, "Eight in favor. 8 to 1.--only 9 being present just then."

Mrs. Dammann asked leave to submit the Report of the House Committee. She did so; and the Report was approved. The meeting adjourned.

Over.

[51]

At the close of the literary meeting, the same afternoon, the President asked the members of the Board of Management to come to the platform for a few minutes,--as she had a word or two to say to them. A majority of the Board having come forward, we were informed by the President that the nomination of Mrs. Uhler, as a new member of the Club, had been handed to her during the literary meeting:--but that she thought it came too late for any action to be taken upon it. She wished for the opinions of the members of the Board. They agreed with her that this nomination came too late for the election of this day.

The resignation of Miss Corrinne Jackson was also announced.

The Board informally adjourned.--
--Read to the Board.
<hr>